tidb: add doc for global kill (#4565) (#4646)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Determines whether to create the expression index.
- Default value: false

### `enable-global-kill` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0.0</span>

> - Enable "global kill" feature to safely kill any connection even when TiDB servers are behind a load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enables the "global kill" feature to safely kill any connection even when TiDB servers are behind a load balancer.
```
